Certified system administrator questions:

1.	What is there stored in CMDB? Ans: Measurable tangible and intangible data of a CI.
2.	What are key cmdb tables? Ans - Cmdb_ci, cmdb_rel_ci
3.	We can save many updates in many update sets? True or false
4.	A table that doesn’t extends from other tables but can be extended? Ans: Base table
5.	Name of the string that displays the filter criteria? Ans -Breadcrumbs.
6.	What role is used for adding or removing fields from the list? Ans -Personalize_list.
7.	Which one best describes the ACL? Ans -It should satisfy both row and field level acl’s
8.	Processing order of ACLs.
9.	Business rule? Ans: A piece of javascript
10.	Which best describes the roles? Ans -Roles will contain other roles and will inherit the contained roles as well.
11.	DB name for a custom table, say ‘abc’? Ans: u_abc
12.	When submit button appears on the form? Ans -New record.
13.	Multiple customizations are done to the same form through different update sets. Which change would be moved to production? Ans – After merging the update sets the most recent one will be available.
14.	Changes that aren’t captured in the update set? Ans - User/group records, CI modifications
15.	Workflow components? Ans -Approvals, Tasks, Notifications
16.	To avoid multiple persons updating a workflow, what should be done?
17.	How to differentiate SLA, OLA and underpinning contracts based on which options below? Ans -Type.
18.	List is a type of report. True/false? Ans: True
19.	Comments entered in work notes are captured where? Ans: Activity log
20.	What is schema map?
21.	Where is data stored? Ans: Tables
22.	What is condition contains? Ans: a field,an oprerator and a value
23.	What is column in table? Ans: A cell which hold table data
24.	Which of the following can be performed by Inbound Email Action? Ans: Create or update task records
25.	When do we perform cloning of an instance? Ans: Before upgrading an instance
26.	Can we have multiple coalesce fields? Ans: Yes
27.	What are the customizations we can do with respect to branding?(select all that apply) Options: Browser font size, browser title, banner size, form header size, branding image 
28.	Types of client script.
29.	Service Catalog variable types.
30.	All applications are viewable in servicenow. True/false? Ans: False



